Review contributing guides (#2155)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/contributing/contributing_to_docs.md

Our documentation aims to be:

- **Efficient**: we don't want to waste anyone's time
- **Accessible**: reading the texts here shouldn't require native English or a computer science degree
- **Thorough**: the documentation website should contain all information anyone needs to use Meilisearch
- **Open source**: this is a resource by Meilisearch users, for Meilisearch users

## How to contribute?

### Issues

> The documentation team uses [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/issues/new/choose) to track tasks. Helpful issues include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation team uses [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/issues/new) to track tasks. Helpful issues include:
```

- Requests for new features such as versioning or an embedded console
- Requests for new content such as new guides and tutorials

#### Creating your first issue

To open an issue you need a [GitHub account](https://github.com). Create one if necessary, then follow these steps:

1. Log into your account
2. Go to the [Meilisearch Documentation repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation)
3. Click on "Issues"
4. Use the search bar to check if somebody else has reported the same problem. If they have, upvote with a 👍 and **don't create a new issue**!
5. If no one reported the problem you experienced, click on "New issue"
6. Write a short and descriptive title, then add a longer summary explaining the issue. If you're reporting a bug, make sure to include steps to reproduce the error, as well as your OS and browser version
7. Click on "Submit new issue"
8. A member of our team should [get back to you](#how-we-review-contributions) shortly
9. Enjoy the feeling of a job well done! 🎉

### Pull requests

You can also improve the documentation by making a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-requests).

> Pull requests ("PRs" for short) are requests to integrate changes into a GitHub repository. The simplest way to create a PR on our documentation is using the **"Edit this page"** link at the bottom left of every page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests ("PRs" for short) are requests to integrate changes into a GitHub repository. The simplest way to create a PR on our documentation is using the "Edit this page" link at the bottom left of every page.
```

Pull requests are particularly good when you want to:

> - **Solve an [existing issue](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/issues)**!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Solve an [existing issue](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/issues)**
```
Do we need the `!` here?

- Fix a small error, such as a typo or broken link
- Create or improve content about something you know very well—for example, a guide on how to integrate Meilisearch with a tool you have mastered

In most cases, it is a good idea to [create an issue](#creating-your-first-issue) before making a PR. This allows you to coordinate with the documentation team and find the best way of addressing the problem you want to solve.

#### Creating your first PR

To create a PR you need a [GitHub account](https://github.com). Create one if necessary, then follow these steps:

> 1. Go to the documentation page you'd like to edit, scroll down, and click **"Edit this page"** on the bottom left section of the page. This will take you to GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the documentation page you'd like to edit, scroll down, and click "Edit this page"  at the bottom left of the screen. This will take you to GitHub
```
We use "page" a lot. Would it be a good idea to add a screenshot showing the "Edit this page" button?

8. Make sure the base repository is set to `meilisearch/documentation` and the base branch is set to `main`. You can ignore the remaining fields
9. This screen will also show you a "diff", which allows you to see the changes you made compared to what's currently published on the documentation website
10. Click "Create pull request"
11. **Congrats, you made your first PR!** Someone from the documentation team will review your pull request shortly. They may ask for changes, so keep an eye on your GitHub notifications
12. If everything looks good, your work will be merged into the `main` branch and become part of the official documentation site. You are now a Meilisearch Contributor! 🚀

## How we review contributions

When **reviewing issues**, we consider a few criteria:

1. Is this task a priority for the documentation team?
2. Is the documentation website the best place for this information? Sometimes an idea might work better on our blog than the docs, or it might be more effective to link to an external resource than write and maintain it ourselves
3. If it's a bug report, can we reproduce the error?

> If users show interest in an issue by upvoting or reporting similar problems, it is more likely the documentation will dedicate resources to that task.

Reviewer: Could you please add "upvoting" to `accept.txt` so we don't get this warning?
